<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2019, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="AlarmComponents-268983B9" xml:lang="en">
<title>Alarm components</title>
<shortdesc>Components include services, folders and other model building
blocks associated with a module. You may drag them to a property or
wire sheet from a palette. The Alarm folder in the <apiname>kitControl</apiname
> palette contains four special-purpose alarm extensions.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm>alarm components</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Two extensions are for Boolean type points that also have one or
more DiscreteTotalizerExt extensions:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>ChangeOfStateCountAlarmExt</p></li>
<li><p>ElapsedActiveTimeAlarmExt</p></li>
</ul>
<p>These extensions provide alarm capability based upon COS count
and runtime (elapsed active time). To use either (or both) of these
extensions in the parent Boolean point (BooleanPoint, BooleanWritable)
place them under the corresponding DiscreteTotalizerExt.</p>
<p>The LoopAlarmExt provides a sliding-limit type alarm for a LoopPoint.
Its calculations are based on control deviation from a setpoint.</p>
<p>You can configure the AlarmCountToRelay extension to monitor the
number of alarms (alarm count) of a linked Alarm Class component.
AlarmCountToRelay features a timed Boolean relay output.</p>
<p>An additional alarm extension, StringChangeOfValueExt is in the <apiname
>alarm</apiname> palette. This extension generates an alarm upon inclusion
or exclusion of a particular string value, or more accurately, regular
expression (regexp) of a point's Out slot (string type).</p>
<p>The descriptions included in the following topics appear as headings
in documentation. They also appear as context-sensitive help topics
when accessed by:<ul>
<li><p>Right-clicking on the object and selecting <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Views</uicontrol><uicontrol>Guide Help</uicontrol>
</menucascade></p></li>
<li><p>Clicking <menucascade><uicontrol>Help</uicontrol><uicontrol
>Guide On Target</uicontrol></menucascade></p></li>
</ul></p>
</conbody>
</concept><?Pub Caret -2?>
