<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2019, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="AlarmState" xml:lang="en">
<title>Alarm state</title>
<shortdesc>Alarms may be in an alarm state or acknowledged. They may
be open or cleared.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm>alarm<indexterm>state</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<prodinfo>
<prodname>Niagara</prodname>
<vrmlist><vrm version="3.8"/><vrm version="4.0"/></vrmlist>
</prodinfo>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Each alarm is a single record in the system database that changes
among one of four states.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Alarm condition exists: the <b>alarm</b> state</p><p>When an
event triggers an alarm, it remains in effect until it is acknowledged.</p
></li>
<li><p>Alarm acknowledged: the <b>acknowledged</b> state</p><p>The
alarm has been acknowledged by the recipient. Acknowledged alarms
may be normal alarms.</p></li>
<li><p>Alarm status is normal: the <b>normal</b> state</p><p>Alarm
is a normal alarm that has been acknowledged: <b>acknowledged normal
alarm</b></p></li>
<li><p>Alarm status is force clear: the <b>force clear</b> state</p
><p>Alarm is cleared from the alarm console. The alarm state must
be normal and acknowledged.</p></li>
</ul>
<p>In addition to these states, an alarm may be <i>open</i> or <i
>cleared</i> (closed). An alarm is considered open when it is <i>not</i
>:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>acknowledged and normal</p></li>
<li><p>acknowledged and an alert</p></li>
</ul>
<p>Open alarms display in the alarm console. Cleared alarms do not
display in the alarm console. The table shows the conditions that
result in an alarm being open or cleared.</p>
<table>
<tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Alarm state</entry>
<entry>Acknowledge State</entry>
<entry>Open or cleared</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colsep="0">Offnormal or Fault</entry>
<entry colsep="0">Unacknowledged</entry>
<entry>Open</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colsep="0">Offnormal or Fault</entry>
<entry colsep="0">Acknowledged</entry>
<entry>Open</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colsep="0">Normal</entry>
<entry colsep="0">Unacknowledged</entry>
<entry>Open</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colsep="0">Normal</entry>
<entry colsep="0">Acknowledged</entry>
<entry>Cleared</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>
</concept><?Pub Caret -2?>
