<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2019, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="AlarmService" xml:lang="en">
<title>Alarm services</title>
<shortdesc>Each station may contain a single <apiname>AlarmService</apiname
> that coordinates the routing of alarms within the framework, and
maintains the alarm database. </shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm>AlarmService</indexterm></keywords>
<prodinfo>
<prodname>Niagara</prodname>
<vrmlist><vrm version="4.0"/></vrmlist>
</prodinfo>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<conbody>
<p>The standard <apiname>AlarmService</apiname> stores alarms persistently
on the station host (controller). The <apiname>AlarmService</apiname
> is available in the <wintitle>alarm</wintitle> palette.</p>
<p>If you do not have an <apiname>AlarmService</apiname> in your active
station, drag a copy of it from the <wintitle>alarm</wintitle> palette.</p>
<p>The <apiname>AlarmService</apiname> may contain one or more alarm
classes. An alarm class may route alarms to one or more alarm recipients.
The routing process involves notifying the recipient of the alarm
and receiving back from the recipient an alarm acknowledgement. The
default view (wire sheet view) of the <apiname>AlarmService</apiname
> makes it easy to visualize the relationships between the alarm class
and the alarm recipient. These relationships are created by linking
the alarm class to the alarm recipient. In addition to the wire sheet
and property sheet views, the system provides several other <apiname
>AlarmService</apiname> views.</p>
</conbody>
</concept><?Pub Caret -2?>
