<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="AlarmServiceSetup-AFDCA426" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
<title class="- topic/title ">Alarm setup</title>
<shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc ">Configuring a system to process alarms involves adding
an alarm extension to each point's property sheet. Alarm extensions
are contained in the <wintitle class="+ topic/keyword ui-d/wintitle ">alarm</wintitle> palette.</shortdesc>
<prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
<metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "><indexterm class="- topic/indexterm ">AlarmService<indexterm class="- topic/indexterm ">setting up</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm class="- topic/indexterm ">alarm extensions</indexterm></keywords>
<prodinfo class="- topic/prodinfo ">
<prodname class="- topic/prodname ">Niagara</prodname>
<vrmlist class="- topic/vrmlist "><vrm version="3.8" class="- topic/vrm "/><vrm version="4.0" class="- topic/vrm "/></vrmlist>
</prodinfo>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
<p class="- topic/p ">An alarm extension on a point issues alarms to the AlarmService,
and updates the alarm record to reflect a state change when the parent
point goes back to a normal state. The extension also notifies the
point that an acknowledgment has been received.</p>
<p class="- topic/p ">These basic steps are required to set up the alarming process:</p>
<ol class="- topic/ol ">
<li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Add the proper alarm extension to each component.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Alarm
extension types must match their parent component type. For example,
an <apiname class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">OutOfRangeAlarmExt</apiname> goes with a Numeric point
type and a <apiname class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">BooleanChangeOfStateAlarmExt</apiname> goes with
a Boolean point type.</p></li>
<li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Configure each point’s alarm extension properties to
define when the point meets an alarm condition (is in an alarmed state). </p></li>
<li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Setting up alarm routing by defining where an alarm record
is to be sent. This includes sending the alarm to the alarm console.</p></li>
<li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Configuring capacity and other alarm management properties.</p></li>
<li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Manage the alarm archive using the alarm archive management
tools.</p></li>
</ol>
</conbody>
</concept>