<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="AlarmService" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
<title class="- topic/title ">Alarm services</title>
<shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc ">Each station may contain a single <apiname class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">AlarmService</apiname> that coordinates the routing of alarms within the framework, and
maintains the alarm database. </shortdesc>
<prolog class="- topic/prolog ">
<metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "><indexterm class="- topic/indexterm ">AlarmService</indexterm></keywords>
<prodinfo class="- topic/prodinfo ">
<prodname class="- topic/prodname ">Niagara</prodname>
<vrmlist class="- topic/vrmlist "><vrm version="4.0" class="- topic/vrm "/></vrmlist>
</prodinfo>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
<p class="- topic/p ">The standard <apiname class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">AlarmService</apiname> stores alarms persistently
on the station host (controller). The <apiname class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">AlarmService</apiname> is available in the <wintitle class="+ topic/keyword ui-d/wintitle ">alarm</wintitle> palette.</p>
<p class="- topic/p ">If you do not have an <apiname class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">AlarmService</apiname> in your active
station, drag a copy of it from the <wintitle class="+ topic/keyword ui-d/wintitle ">alarm</wintitle> palette.</p>
<p class="- topic/p ">The <apiname class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">AlarmService</apiname> may contain one or more alarm
classes. An alarm class may route alarms to one or more alarm recipients.
The routing process involves notifying the recipient of the alarm
and receiving back from the recipient an alarm acknowledgement. The
default view (wire sheet view) of the <apiname class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">AlarmService</apiname> makes it easy to visualize the relationships between the alarm class
and the alarm recipient. These relationships are created by linking
the alarm class to the alarm recipient. In addition to the wire sheet
and property sheet views, the system provides several other <apiname class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">AlarmService</apiname> views.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>