<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="WHLegalNoticesDistech-9A330BC2" xml:lang="en" class="- topic/topic       reference/reference "><title class="- topic/title "/><shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc "/><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "><indexterm class="- topic/indexterm ">legal notices</indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog><refbody class="- topic/body        reference/refbody "><section class="- topic/section "><p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Distech Controls, Inc. </b><?Pub _newline?>Brossard,
Quebec, <?Pub _newline?>Canada<?Pub _newline?></p></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Legal Notice</title></section><section class="- topic/section "><p class="- topic/p ">©, Distech Controls Inc., 2025. All rights reserved. While
all efforts have been made to verify the accuracy of information in
this manual, Distech Controls is not responsible for damages or claims arising
from the use of this manual. Persons using this manual are assumed
to be trained HVAC professionals and are responsible for using the
correct wiring procedures, correct override methods for equipment
control and maintaining safe working conditions in fail-safe environments. Distech Controls reserves
the right to change, delete or add to the information in this manual
at any time without notice.</p><?Pub Caret 30?><p class="- topic/p ">Distech Controls,
the Distech Controls logo, EC-Net, and Innovative Solutions for Greener
Buildings are registered trademarks of Distech Controls, Inc. LON,
LonMark, LonWorks, LNS, and Neuron are registered trademarks of Echelon
Corporation registered in the United States and other countries. NiagaraAX and NiagaraAX Framework
are registered trademarks of Tridium, Inc. BACnet is a registered
trademark of ASHRAE. Windows, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7,
Visual Basic.Net, Visual Basic.Net are registered trademarks of Microsoft
Corporation. Intel and Pentium are registered trademark of Intel Corporation
in the U.S. and/or other countries. AMD is a registered trademark
of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. EnOcean is a registered trademark
of EnOcean GmbH. All other trademarks are property of their respective
owners.</p></section></refbody></reference>